docs/engine/libraries/engine-lib-intro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Engine Library - Intro

In this section, you will be able to discover what RPG Creator is built on.

:::warning[Warning - WIP]

This section is a work in progress, and will be updated as the engine evolves.

Some pages may be missing or incomplete.
:::

## Main libraries
Those are the main libraries used by RPG Creator.
- [MonoGame](./monogame.md) - The game framework used as a backend.
- [Avalonia](./avalonia.md) - The UI framework used to create the editor.

## Other libraries
Here is a list of other libraries used by RPG Creator.
- [Ursa.Avalonia](./ursa-avalonia.md) - A set of useful controls for Avalonia.
- [IronSoftware.System.Drawing](./ironsoftware-system-drawing.md) - A library to manipulate images.
- [Serilog](./serilog.md) - A logging library.
- [Ulid](./ulid.md) - A library to generate unique IDs.
- [Avalonia.AvaloniaEdit](./avaloniaedit.md) - A text editor control for Avalonia.
- [AvaloniaInside.MonoGame](./avaloniainside-monogame.md) - A library to embed MonoGame inside Avalonia.
- [Gum](./gum.md) - A library to create and manage UI in MonoGame - Other for now, should be in the main later on.

*See another library that should be listed here? Feel free to open a PR to add it!*

Commit message:

Added the engine module part. Edited the color to respect a little more the logo.

docs/engine/libraries/engine-lib-intro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

In this section, you will be able to discover what RPG Creator is built on.

:::warning[Warning - WIP]

This section is a work in progress, and will be updated as the engine evolves.

Some pages may be missing or incomplete.
:::

## Main libraries
Those are the main libraries used by RPG Creator.
- [MonoGame](./monogame.md) - The game framework used as a backend.
- [Avalonia](./avalonia.md) - The UI framework used to create the editor.

## Other libraries
Here is a list of other libraries used by RPG Creator.
- [Ursa.Avalonia](./ursa-avalonia.md) - A set of useful controls for Avalonia.
- [IronSoftware.System.Drawing](./ironsoftware-system-drawing.md) - A library to manipulate images.
- [Serilog](./serilog.md) - A logging library.
- [Ulid](./ulid.md) - A library to generate unique IDs.
- [Avalonia.AvaloniaEdit](./avaloniaedit.md) - A text editor control for Avalonia.
- [AvaloniaInside.MonoGame](./avaloniainside-monogame.md) - A library to embed MonoGame inside Avalonia.
- [Gum](./gum.md) - A library to create and manage UI in MonoGame - Other for now, should be in the main later on.

*See another library that should be listed here? Feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/Ward727a/rpgcreator-doc/issues/new/choose) or make an [PR](/docs/Glossary.md#pr) to add it!*
